{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green110\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red39\green84\blue126;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28840\viewh20020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Killer Mike ad Bernie in the Barber Shop\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkRT6sInhvHVb96gl-uxn2LxBqEL4Iv9A"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkRT6sInhvHVb96gl-uxn2LxBqEL4Iv9A}}
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
I think this 6 part conversation between rapper (and activist) Killer Mike and Bernie Sanders has chance to be a tipping point in the presidential election. First of all, if you don't know Michael Render, stage name Killer Mike, you should, because some day soon I hope you'll see Mike being interviewed as HE runs for national office. Earlier this summer when the mainstream media was selling this ridiculous theory that Bernie could not appeal to the black community. Here\'92s how the New York Time\'92s columnist Charles Blow started his column on Sept 12th 2015: \
\
\'93\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
COLUMBIA, S.C. \'97 Democratic presidential hopeful Senator Bernie Sanders spoke Saturday to a half-empty gymnasium at Benedict College in South Carolina. The school is historically black, but the crowd appeared to be largely white.\'94\
\
\'93This underscores the severe challenge facing the Sanders campaign: African-American voters have yet to fully connect to the man and the message.\'94\
\
Wow, failure to connect. Must be serious\'85 and now he lays on the poll numbers:\
\
\'93An August {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gallup.com/poll/184547/clinton-favorability-strong-among-black-americans.aspx"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 Gallup Poll}} found that Hillary Clinton\'92s favorability among African-Americans was 80 percent, while Sanders\'92s was 23 percent.\'94\
\
That does sound serious - a 57% gap. How could he possibly make up that kind of ground?\
\
\'93Two-thirds of blacks were unfamiliar with Sanders. This could pose a problem after the contests in overwhelmingly white Iowa and New Hampshire\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Hey - wait a minute - two thirds of the black community has never heard of him and he\'92s pulling 23%? And this indicates a problem? To be fair to Charles Blow this was in a column that was vaguely flattering to Bernie \'96\'a0after all, in August and September the Times and the rest of the corporate media were still peddling the notion that Bernie could be ignored because he could never win \'96 clearly a marginal candidate.\
\
And then, he started drawing crowds of xxx in Portland xxx in Boston and xxxxxx in Los Angeles. Time to switch strategies. Bernie would be toast in the south. Black people would never connect with him. And then the curtain of silence descended. The full court media blackout on the Sanders campaign that continues to this day. Could this possibly be aimed at least partly at ensuring the black community would continue to be \'93\'85\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
unfamiliar with Sanders?\'94\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Which brings us to Killer Mike\'92s barbershop in Atlanta Georgia. Because Bernie had already appeared on Michael Render\'92s radar before that curtain of silence descended. And Killer Mike has his own platform. He doesn\'92t need to follow guidance from the corporate corner office. And before this is all over I think we might just find out that the barbershop is mightier than the executive suite. \
\
But \'96\'a0none of that \'96\'a0as important as it might be, and make no mistake, it\'92s important \'96 none of that was responsible for the chills that ran down my spine as I watched these videos. You see I have home movies. 16mm silent films, in still vibrant kodacolor, that my father edited on a home version of a movieola, with a splicing block with cement and, later, tape splices \'96 on big reels that could hold a full twelve minutes of film. And he did these in his home office in the basement of house in East Meadow Long Island  that he bought with help from his schoolteacher parents and a GI mortgage. The office had a model railroad running all around the walls, including detailed wooden trestles across the doorway which could be lifted out to get the door open. My Uncle Irv helped build the railway. My father had the time to build it, and edit the home movies too, because of the blacklist. It wasn\'92t like some horror stories of the blacklist \'96 he didn\'92t lose his staff writing job at NBC, but for some five or six years there was no freelance work to be had. I always had the impression that it was difficult, but manageable, and eventually the work did come back and he continued to be active in the Writers Guild. \
\
The home movie that we treasure most comes from the end of this period. It\'92s the march on Washington \'96 no not quite THAT march \'96 not the \'93I Have a Dream\'94 march but the one before it. And there us kids are, all spruced up. I have on a little white shirt and a bowtie and shiny shoes, the front of my silver blond crew cut standing up straight after an application of wax, and we\'92re carrying petitions up to the podium one by one, my sister and I and other children of friends from our little neighborhood, handing petitions to xxxx Randolph the leader of the Pulman porters union, then meandering back down the grassy aisle on ta bright sunny day.\
\
}